Add more docs around migration from RStudio (#116)
posit-dev/positron-website: keyboard-shortcuts.qmd

| Shortcut | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| <kbd>Cmd/Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>M</kbd> | Insert the pipe operator (<code>&#124;></code> or `%>%`, depending on [`positron.r.pipe`](positron://settings/positron.r.pipe) |
| <kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>-</kbd> | Insert the assignment operator (`<-`) |
| <kbd>Ctrl/Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>Enter</kbd> | `source()` the current R script |
| <kbd>Ctrl/Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>K</kbd> <kbd>H</kbd> | Insert section |

> | <kbd>Cmd/Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>L</kbd> | Load the current R package, if any, with `devtools::load_all()` |

Author: I think it's worth being concrete for one of these: we should be clear what we mean by "load" and it also signals that the tooling is a quite devtools-based.

}
```

> ## Troubleshooting and customization

Author: I first drafted this in the RStudio keyboard shortcuts guide but then I realized that this content fits best here, assuming it fits anywhere. I do think these 2 points have come up repeatedly in dev work and in GitHub issues.

If you are puzzled by the behaviour of a keyboard shortcut, here are two issues to consider:

> * Context: many keyboard shortcuts, including those above, are only enabled in certain contexts, such as when editing code or when working in an R package. Consider if you might be invoking the shortcut in an unexpected and unsupported context.
> * Conflicts: a keyboard shortcut can have multiple associations across different situations or extensions. When a shortcut is associated with more than one command, a priority system determines which command wins and the result might not be what you expect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Context:** Many keyboard shortcuts, including those above, are only enabled in certain contexts, such as when editing code or when working in an R package. Consider if you might be invoking the shortcut in an unexpected and unsupported context.
* **Conflicts:** A keyboard shortcut can have multiple associations across different situations or extensions. When a shortcut is associated with more than one command, a priority system determines which command wins and the result might not be what you expect.
```

> The command 'Preferences: Open Keyboard Shortcuts' opens an interface that is a great way to investigate keyboard shortcut mysteries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command _Preferences: Open Keyboard Shortcuts_ opens an interface that is a great way to investigate keyboard shortcut mysteries.
```
